Now that our setup code is in place,
let's go ahead and add a new test.
And this test will actually get data from a private field.
And I actually want to read the data from the ID field
for this given student.
So I make use of reflection test UTS. Get field
and give the object student one.
The actual name of the field ID.
And then I assert that, that value equal to one.
So again
we're actually accessing that private field directly.
Now let's go ahead and run this test
and we see that this test passes as desired.
So this is really good.
Now you may wonder, well, what's the big deal here
'cuz we already have getters and setters for that ID field.
Well imagine that,
we could actually remove those getters and setters
and this code will still work
because we're not using those methods.
We're actually accessing those fields directly
using this reflection test details.
Now remember the whole idea here
with this reflection test tells is
that you can access private fields
in the event that they don't have
public getters and settlements,
We can still access those fields directly.
And that's the main use case here.
Let's go ahead and add another test here.
And this is for invoking a private method
or calling a private method.
And we know that student class has a private method
called get first name and ID.
And I want to verify that I can actually call it
and also verify the results of that call.
I make use of ReflectionUtils that invoke method.
I give the object, comma, the method name
get first name and ID.
And then I simply give a failure message.
But I seem to have a small typo here.
Okay, yeah.
Let me fix that.
Paran remove that and okay, now we're all good.
Good to go here.
I don't want any syntax errors
like I had in a previous video.
Let's go ahead and run the test
and we see that this test passes.
So this is excellent.
We're able to invoke a private method
on that class.
Which is really, really cool.
So good job.
My friend.